# CS-360
SNHU CS-360 REPO

The weight tracking app was built in order to allow users to have a simple and easy to use and understand applicaiton allowing them to track their daily weight. The application uses a combination of native android UI elements and SQLite for the database process. The application features a log in screen similar to most log in screen other applications, a main dashboard reading out the last logged weight the user input, a goal weight, and the difference between the two weights. The user can also select the three dot menu at the top right of the screen which allows the user to select and navigate to the weight tracking screen. The weight tracking screen allows the user to view previously input weights, delete weights input previously such as in the case of mistake inputs, and input new weights. These weights are tracked and attached with a date of input. Keeping the application simple allows future versions of Android OS to be able to run this application. Currently built and targeted for the Android 34 SDK, Android 14. During development of the application consitient running and testing on a virtual device within the Android Studio development enviroment allowed us to find unexpected bugs as well as see where in the code this bug might be. Testing new fuctions and methods during development let the overall development run smoothly. Making sure to have data captured and saved to a database has been the most challenging issue here, mainly due to limit prior use of SQLite, however using SQLite documentation we were able to overcome these issue. I feel that UI design and development was easy and successful due to the use of the design feature in Android Studio.
